This file should describe how I make the menu pictures.

1. Open the app in an Android emulator with 1080 x 1920 resolution
2. When the new game is implemented and added to the LoadGame.java file, you then can open the game
   from the main menu. (It will most likely have the menu picture of another game)
3. Set the card theme like in the other menu pictures: Set cards to "Classic" and the card
   background to choice #1 in blue.
4. Make a screenshot with the emulator
5. Open the screenshot with GIMP
6. See if the cards of the game fit in a 1080 x 890 rectangular selection window.
   * If so, remove the other part of the screen shot (CTRL + I, press DEL, then again CTRL + I)
   * If not, open the appearance settings in the game and increase the game margins and try again
     until it fits
7. Make a new rectangular selection window with a size of eg 1080 x 1500 and lay it on the image so
   it fits with the upper side of the image and the selection window has a lot of empty space on the
   lower side
8. Then do the following: Open Selection -> Rounded Rectangle -> Set to 15°
9. Remove the other part of the image (CTRL + I, press DEL, then again CTRL + I). It should have
   only removed the upper left and right corners of the image, because the selection window was big
   enough to not affect the lower corners. Keep this window!
10. Now do: Filter -> decoration -> chamfering edge (in german: Rand abschrägen) -> 20
11. With the result: Image -> automatic cropping (if thats the right name in english)
12. Then select: Image -> scale image, set the width to 333 and press Ok
12. The result can now be added to backgrounds_menu.png in the same folder (also using GIMP)
13. Make place at the position where your new game is inserted at by moving all other images
    "one place the right" from that position. Open the game and look where your game is inserted at
    in the main menu, or look in the LoadGame.java loadAllGames() function for the correct position.
    Note: You need the default menu order if you look in the main menu, so the LoadGame.java file
    is maybe a better place to look for the right position.
14. Insert  the image now. if there is a one-pixel-line of empty space left after inserting the
    new image, borrow a fitting line from another image :)
15. Save the result
16. Export the result to app/src/main/res/drawable-nodpi/backgrounds_menu.png
